Hi guys,

Thanks for your handin.  Here are some comments.

----------

week-01_functional-programming-in-Coq.bobbie.v

-----

> This assignment gets students familiar with defining fixpoints,
> specificially terminating fixpoints, where the parameter in the recursive
> call must be structurally smaller than the given parameter.

One only understands this sentence if one already knows what the sentence means.
In your future introductions, try to be more introductory.

-----

> However, all these proofs have been elided, because they are
> standard, and can be deduced from the inductive definitions.

This point is out of the scope of this week's handin.

-----

Who is Thomas Tan?

-----

Consider a definition of even and odd that is tail recursive with an accumulator.

-----

> While it’s necessary to have 2 base cases for each of even v1 and odd v1,

But it isn't, witness your code.

-----

You might also want to check out how to structure a unit test with more than sampling:
  https://delimited-continuation.github.io/YSC3236/2019-2020_Sem1/week-01_fixpoints.html#partial-solution-for-exercise-9

-----

Consider also implementing, e.g., number_of_leaves or weight using an accumulator.

-----

> Implementing fixpoints is straightforward: just follow the proof by structural induction.

Which proof?

-----

Overall, it's an enthusiastic first start, and using coqdoc was a particularly nice touch.
It would be a good idea to use this energy in a more focused way, e.g., to solve the extra exercises.

Narratively, when describing code, you tend to paraphrase it.
A solution for that is to separate the description of the inductive specification
and the description of the recursive implementation.

To close, here is a fun programming challenge:

A tree is well-balanced if for each of its nodes,
the weight of the left subtree is the same as the weight of the right subtree.
(We will say that a leaf is well balanced.)

Could you implement a function that tests whether a tree is well balanced
by traversing this tree once, not repeatedly?

It would be a nice touch if the rest of the tree was not traversed
once it is discovered that one of the subtrees is not well balanced.

Thanks for attending FPP, I hope it will be worth your while.

\Olivier
